Layout doc (#5427)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/print_composer/composer_items/composer_items_options.rst

  information).
* The :guilabel:`Rotation` sets the rotation of the element (in degrees).
* The |checkbox| :guilabel:`Frame` shows or hides the frame around the item.

>   Click on the :guilabel:`Color`, :guilabel:`Thickness` and :guilabel:`Join

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use the :guilabel:`Color`, :guilabel:`Thickness` and :guilabel:`Join
```
